On August 1, 1966,
Charles Hittman, a 25-year-old man at the University of Texas at Austin, went
up to the clock tower.
He was a former Marine sniper.
On that day, he fired his gun for 96 minutes without any reason
.  Sixteen people
died and 31 were injured. The
night before this terrible massacre, he
sat at his typewriter and
wrote his will.
I can't understand myself these days
.  I used to be a rational and intelligent
person, but recently I have been
suffering from overwhelming violent impulses that I was unaware of
.  When I die, please make sure to perform an autopsy on my brain
.
After Whitoman died from a police gunshot wound, the
autopsy team opened his brain.   A
very small tumor
was found there.  The tumor was pressing down on the amygdala, the part of the brain that
controls fear and aggression
.   Let me ask you a
question.
Was it Charles Pitman who killed the people?
Or could it be that small tumor located in his brain
?
We believe that I live my life proactively
.  Right?  I believe that I, as the subject, decide everything—what to eat in the morning,
who to marry, and what work to do to make a
living
.  However,
world-renowned neuroscientist David Eaglemer
says.
You are not the master of your own life.
You are just a
reader who reads only the headlines at the giant newspaper called the brain
.   The
reason we have been so successful.   The
reason for falling for the same mistake every time.
That is not a matter of your will.   Would you
believe it if I told you it was because of an anonymous person somewhere?
You will succeed.  It's
because you wanted that.  hello.  This
is the Hawaii De Mansion.  yes.  Now,
imagine that there is a clear glass of water in front of you.  I pick up the cup
and take a sip of water.
It's such a simple movement.  However, in this brief
moment of one second, electrical signals of the lesson explode in your brain
.  It controls the arm muscles,
calculates the weight of the cup, balances it, and
detects the water temperature.  The
shocking thing here is.  The point is that you were
not conscious of a single moment of this process.
You were only informed of the result that you drank water
.
The insights we will share today are.  David
Eagleman's masterpiece.  It is how my unconscious
designs me.   The
original title is Incognito, which means anonymous or
impressive.  To
put it simply, this means that 99% of our brain is
being run by an anonymous person we don't know
.  Eaglemer is a professor at Stanford University
and a New York Times bestselling
author.  He poses this question in this book
.   Does
free will even exist in humans
?
They say they want to succeed, yet they
can't actually get out of bed in the morning.  They say they want to make money, yet they
cannot resist the temptation to spend.  Is this really entirely my
problem?  Or is it because the circuits in my brain are
already designed that way
?  Today, I will
absolutely not say the words "let's live diligently."
Instead, I’m going to
show you the back of the brain, which you have never seen before.
I will explain in a very easy and clear manner the specific examples and strategies of how global assets and leaders controlled the unconscious to succeed ten to even 100 times faster than others.   yes
.   I will
begin the 348th grand mansion study.
Teaching 1. You can see even if you cannot see with your eyes
.
Professor Larry Weiskrantz of Oxford University met a very critical patient
. This patient was a visually impaired person who had completely lost their sight due to brain damage
.
He was in a state where he could not see what was in front of him at all
.  However,
the professor conducted a peculiar experiment.   They
randomly scattered obstacles all over the hallway and told the
visually impaired person to just
walk through it.  What were the results
?  He walked all the way down
the hallway, dodging obstacles here and there without bumping into anything even once
.
When asked how on earth he did it, he was flustered and
said this.   My
body just moved on its own.   Because I can't
see anything.
Yes, this is exactly the blind spot phenomenon.   The
conscious eye was blind, but the unconscious
eye was still functioning.
Yes, everyone, the
shocking message this case gives us is this.
Our unconscious is
incomparably
smarter, faster, and more accurate than our conscious mind.
Everyone, successful investors
say this.   I
just get a feeling when I look at the chart.
And we just call this luck
.  No. These people's
subconscious has already learned tens of thousands of data points
.
Consciousness Eum's
stock is performing well.  The
subconscious had already come up with the answer 0.5 seconds before analyzing it like this
.  What does this mean?   If
you want to succeed.
Analysis of consciousness much slower than we thought.   The point is that you should
n't just cling to this
.   You just need to
make your subconscious know the answer in advance.  There is
exactly one thing needed to do that
.   You just need to
pour overwhelming data into your brain in advance
.
Lesson 2. Killing another person while asleep
.   In
1987, a Canadian man named Tenes Pasque
woke up, drove his car for a whopping
23 kilometers, and went to his wife's house.
And he stabbed his mother-in-law to death and assaulted a disabled person
.  But this is where things get
strange. This person
returned home and fell asleep right away.  It's like
someone who just woke up and went to the bathroom.
The man turned himself in to the police after waking up and seeing blood all over his body
.
The court was literally turned upside down.
Because that man claimed I was sleeping
.
The results of the electroencephalogram showed that he was actually a
patient with a severe muscle disease.
The results of the detailed experiment showed that his
consciousness was actually completely off while he was committing the murder
.  In the end, the Supreme Court of Canada had
no choice but to acquit him. This
case tells us a very chilling truth
.  This
kind of machine called our body.   It means that you can
return without the driver called consciousness
.  In that case, regarding the
decisions I am making right now,
I am going to do this business.  I'm going to
break up with this person.
These kinds of decisions.  Is it really my conscious
choice?  Or is it an automatic brain response programmed by childhood trauma, the
news seen yesterday, or the amount of sugar consumed this morning
?   Yes
, everyone, as I have told you a lot about him
.   The
first step to success
begins with admitting that I am not in control of my life.
Then what should be done?   If
I weren't holding the steering wheel, I would just
design the road itself.
Lesson 3. Do people really speak the truth when drunk
?
You all know the famous Hollywood actor Mel Gibson, right?   In
2006, Mellips
was caught drunk driving.  At that time, he unleashed
unspeakable anti-Semitic
abuse on the police.  He later
apologized publicly and said this.
That wasn't me.  I was out of
my mind because of the alcohol.
However, Professor Eagleman
shook his head.   The
point is that alcohol doesn't create a new personality; it merely serves to unlock the bolts of the suppressed unconscious.   yes
.  We usually live wearing social masks
.  But the side that pops out during moments of crisis,
drunkenness, or extreme stress is
actually the
true nature of your brain.   If
you always shout that you are a positive person but blame others
when you are short on money,
your brain's default
settings are set to denial and avoidance,
everyone.  If you want success.   If you
truly and sincerely want that success.   Do
not try to deceive me about my ignorance.
Instead, you
must redesign the unconscious itself behind the mask.   The
fear of teaching.
Is it really human instinct?
World-renowned rock climber Alex Honnold
climbs the 900m-high vertical wall of El Capitan with his bare hands and without ropes.
To ordinary people, it looks like a suicidal act
. Scientists,
finding his behavior completely nonsensical,
scanned his brain using an MRI.  The results
were shocking.   The
amygdala, which should be extremely activated when watching a horror video that would make a normal person grimace.   It is said that there
really was no reaction at all
.  So, this person was
n't suppressing their fear all this time; rather, they
possessed an unconscious mind incapable of feeling fear
.
Here, we
can get an important hint.  That is exactly
this.
Could it be that successful people don't have strong willpower, but rather that their brains react differently to failure or challenges themselves?  When ordinary people's
brains scream "Don't be afraid!", these
people's brains
react by thinking, "That would be fun."   yes
.  However, you might ask if this is
n't something you're born with
.  But no.   The
unconscious works through repetition.  You
can actually change the physical circuit.
According to what was revealed later.  Even the
fearless
wall isomorphism I mentioned earlier and Alex Honnold were
not born with it.
Instead, it turned out that he had tamed his amygdala through tens of thousands of practice sessions
.
Lesson 5. Is Intuition a Signal of the Unconscious
or Just a Gamble?
Professor Antonio DiMaggio of the University of Iowa conducted an interesting gambling experiment
.  There are cards for A, B, and Dumi
.  A sometimes yields large profits but suffers
much greater losses, while B yields smaller
profits but also suffers smaller losses.  The
subjects consciously realized that the non-deck was safer only after flipping the cards about 40 to 50 times
.  But the surprising thing is.   It was a
sweat meter attached to their palms
.
From the moment the subjects had flipped the cards about ten times, their
palms began to sweat whenever they reached for the higher-risk Adermy.   What
this means is...
When I flipped the cards ten times, my consciousness had
absolutely no idea which of A and B was more dangerous or safer
.
In other words, the
unconscious realized in a single attempt what the conscious mind took 50 times.
Everyone, we often hear the saying to trust your intuition
.  What I mean is...  It is absolutely
not baseless optimism.  It is the sum of the
data our brain detects before consciousness
.  However, there is a condition here
.
Only the intuition of someone who has spent a lot of time and accumulated experience in that field
is real.   The
intuition of novices who know nothing is just
gambling.  yes.  To summarize simply.   The point is that an
expert's unconscious can be thousands of times more accurate than their conscious mind
.
Lesson 6. The brain is a collection of conflicting political parties
Yes, everyone, we
believe that the existence of "I" is one.  of course.
However, Eaglemer compares the brain to a democratic country
.  So, it means that inside the brain
, the conservatives, progressives, cirrhopaths, and
doves are always fighting
.  The lateral
lobe brain, which cries out "I want to eat this!" upon seeing a chocolate cake, and the
frontal lobe brain, which tells you to hold back because you'll gain weight, are having a
fierce debate every single moment.  The reason we
can't make a decision and are indecisive is...   It is
not due to innate personality or nature being indecisive.  It's because the political parties inside our brains have
n't reached an agreement yet.
So, what can we learn from this fact
?
Successful people
know a little better how to manage this internal conflict
. These people do
n't struggle endlessly to overcome temptation with sheer willpower.
Instead, they make the so-called Odysseus contract
.  Odysseus had his
men
tie himself to a pole so that he wouldn't be lured by the Sirens' song.
It's like setting up the
environment itself in advance so that the hardliners inside the brain can't cause trouble
.  yes.  It
might sound difficult when I explain it like this, but it is actually
really easy.  For example, it's just like this
.  Not keeping late-night snacks at home
.  Leaving my phone in another room and
doing my own work.  Yes. This method is, in fact, the
wisest way to govern the democracy within our brains.   yes
.  Everyone, if we were to draw a conclusion at this point...  The
brain is a huge machine, and
we
can only observe a very small part of it.  Then,
how on earth should we deal with this anonymous driver?  I will
tell you three methods.
First of all.  My willpower.  Do not believe this
.   As for
willpower.   It is
like a special block that is published very occasionally by a publishing house called Brain.  Here is what this
means.  It means it gets poisoned very quickly
.  Special copies are literally special
copies, and they are produced in limited quantities.
Tonggong comes not from willpower, but directly
from automation.
Your goal.   It is to
repeat this until it reaches the realm of the unconscious, which is damage.  The
stage where the body moves on its own without thinking.
That level where you could say we did it exactly as we did—ignorantly.  That is when you
become a professional.
Second, do not give just anyone into your brain
.   You must
strictly notify the information entering the brain
.  Our brains change their physical wiring in real time based on what we
see, hear, and the people we meet
.  This is called brain plasticity or
neuroplasticity.  If I hang out with pessimistic and pessimistic people who constantly
read gossip articles and complain,
my brain is bound to build a circuit optimized for failure
.
Conversely, if I observe and listen to the mindset of wealthy people, and then observe and
listen again and
again...
My subconscious will
make a decision that makes me rich at a certain decisive moment
.  Without me even realizing it.
I won't notice.
Why?  Because it is something the unconscious does.
So, many people say that it was just luck
.
Third, use my mistakes as data
Blaming yourself and wondering "Why am I like this?" every time you fail is a
waste of time for your conscious mind.  Instead, let's just
approach it calmly and from a neurosadistic perspective.
Which political party inside my brain is
causing such a fuss again?  What kind of environment
tempted my subconscious?
This is how you find the culprit and then
make the correction.  Everyone, self-blame is a
matter of emotion, but correction is a matter of intelligence
.   yes
.  The brain is a huge machine.  However, there is only one entity that can
program that machine, change the coding, and
change the way it operates itself
.  It's me.
My unconscious mind can make me poor or
wealthy.
Everyone, our lives are shorter than we think
.  Right?   In
fact, everyone, including myself, probably feels it every day
.  And the potential of our brain
.  It is
truly tens of thousands of times larger than our mutual growth.
Then we have to awaken that immense power.   It does
n't even cost money.   Do
not try to view the world while frowning, clinging to a weak and faint candle called consciousness.  Instead,
turn on the sun of the unconscious and illuminate your life brilliantly
.
William
Ernest Lee, a 19th-century English prophet, sang the
famous lines known to everyone today in his poem *Infixus*
.
I am the master of my destiny, and I am the
captain of my soul.
However, from the perspective of modern neuroscientology
.
Rather than a captain, he is probably closer to a clumsy novice navigator
gripping the rudder with trembling hands to keep the ship from sinking on a stormy sea
.   For
all of us, without exception,
this is our first life, but the ship is
too big and the sea is deep.
However, when you start to understand what is happening at the bottom of the ship, that is when you will be able to
steer it properly
.   At least
once in your life, you will want to
know where your limits are and what power your unconscious holds.
I
see that as respect for one's own life.  Wouldn't that small courtesy
lead you to the life you truly want?   It
does not matter what mistakes you made until yesterday or how much time you have wasted until now.   The
important thing is that your brain is
creating new connections even at this very moment
.   The
small realization you gained from this video today has likely
created a new synapse somewhere in your brain.  And those snaps will make you make a
different choice, even if it is very small, when you open your eyes tomorrow morning
.
Brakami Aruki said.   Only by
descending into the deepest darkness
can we finally meet the source of light
.
Descend into the deep darkness of your unconscious.   Because
tremendous energy is latent there to lead you
.
And above all, you will definitely succeed
.   Because that's what
you wanted.
Karen, a 42-year-old woman living in U.S.  She had a severe case of epilepsy since childhood, and
eventually, doctors performed surgery to
sever the nerve bundle connecting the left and the cloud
.  The surgery
was successful.  The epilepsy stopped moving.
However, instead, a much longer task
began.
One day, Karen
lit a cigarette.  The right hand brought the cigarette to the mouth
.  At that moment, her left hand
moved on its own, snatched the cigarette, and extinguished it by pressing it down
.
Curry has never given an order to the left hand
.  That is not all.  The left hand
unbuttoned the shirt that the right hand had barely fastened, picked up items in the store and
put them in the cart, and even slapped her cheek
.
Curry said to the doctor while crying.
I feel like my left hand isn't mine anymore.  It feels like someone else is living inside me
.
In medicine, this is referred to as Alien Hand
Syndrome
.  Who on earth moved her left hand
?  And
the question that is even more chilling than this is
this.
At this very moment, are you really controlling your brain
?
You will succeed.  It's
because you wanted that.  hello.  It
is a mansion in Hawaii.  yes.  Everyone, have you ever felt suddenly anxious this
morning as you left the house, wondering if you turned off the gas or locked the
door
?  I'm sure I locked everything, but I do
n't remember.  So when I go back and
check, it is locked, just as expected.  That's when
we think.  Ah, I must have forgotten
.  However, it’s not that I forgot.
Your brain did it without you knowing
.
The book that will bring you insights to share with you today is...  This is the neuroscience
of the unconscious by Yale neuroscientist Eliezer Sternberg
. This
book reveals that the being we believe to be ourselves is
actually just the tip of the iceberg
.
The consciousness visible during sleep accounts for only 5% of the total,
and the remaining 95% is
operating beneath the surface without you even knowing it
.  Today, I would like to tell you about the
hidden 95% of our brain.   I will
show you how they are manipulating our decisions, emotions, relationships, and even our memories.
That decision you believe you made yourself
.  Actually, it would be a little scary if the brain made a decision first and then
informed you later
.  However, if you understand this properly,
your life will
change completely.
Now, let's begin today's grand mansion study.
Zombies are real.
Everyone,
who on earth moved Karen's left hand that I mentioned in the intro earlier
?  The answer is as follows.  The
communication line between you and Unhae
was cut off due to the surgery.  As a result, the two brains
began to make their own judgments.   The
right hand receives orders from the left and the left hand
receives orders from luck, but the two brains
wanted different things.
Left wanted to smoke, but Un
took the cigarette away out of concern for his health.   There were
two Nagas living inside one body
.  Stanberger explains through this example that
two systems within our brain
operate in parallel.  One is the
consciousness system, and the other
is the habit system.   The
consciousness system is the brain that you are thinking, "Ah, I see," while watching this video right now
.  We judge, analyze, and
make plans.  On the other hand, the habit system is the
brain that allows you to think about other things while riding a bicycle or walking.
It is a system that automatically executes actions learned once without conscious intervention.
Karen's case is extreme, but in fact,
we also live every day playing tug-of-war between two systems
.
Not remembering how I got here on the way out of the army
.  Opening the refrigerator without thinking, but not knowing
why.  Scrolling
aimlessly for five minutes after unlocking your phone
. During
all these moments, your consciousness is
absent.  My body is moving, but I'm
not there.  In neuroscience, this
state is called zombie mode.  A state of
moving solely through the habit system without consciousness
.  yes.  Actually, patients with sleepwalking disorder
.  They drive,
cook, and even
commit crimes while asleep.  My consciousness is off, but my
body is functioning perfectly fine
.  Let me ask you a question
.
What percentage of your day did you
truly spend awake?
Your memory has been manipulated.
Everyone, this time it is a story about memory
.  It might be a bit shocking, so please be
prepared.
That scene you remember most vividly
, your family from childhood, that beach during the trip
, that expression of your first love, the
details of that day you can never forget.
That memory could be fake.
Elizabeth Loftus, a psychologist at the University of Washington
.  I conducted the most famous experiment in the history of memory research
.   The
research team told the experiment participants
four family stories from their childhood
.  Three of them were real, and
one was completely made up.   For
example, it's like this.   You remember
when you were five and got lost at a shopping mall, a
stranger old man took you home.
In reality, this has never happened
.
But something surprising happened.
About 25% of the participants
recalled this fake incident.  He even
created details himself, such as the fact that his grandfather was wearing a blue shirt at the time.
Stanberg explains it this way.
Our brain is not a rust.  The brain does
not record events like a camera; instead, it
reconstructs them anew every time a memory is recalled.
It's just like putting a puzzle back together.  However, if a few puzzle pieces are
missing, the brain fills in the empty spaces on its own
.  That is also quite
wicked.  So, we end up
sincerely believing our own false memories
.  In medicine, this is
called confabulation.  Simply put, it
's an honest lie.  I have absolutely no intention of deceiving anyone, but my
brain just makes up a story on its own
.
You need to give this some thought
.  The conviction you hold about the past
.  That person definitely
said that.  I definitely saw it.
How accurate are these certainties really?
Here is the reason why our memories differ when we fight with others.  It
is not that both are lying.  They are both just sincerely
believing the version their brains have reconstructed.  So,
next time your memory differs from someone's,
why not take a step back and look at it?
My memory could be wrong. This single
sentence can save your relationships
.
Your brain is not on your side.   Now
, let me tell you a story that is even longer than memory manipulation
.  In the 1960s,
neuroscientist Michael Gazzaniga...  I studied patients who had the corpus callosum, a bundle of nerves that
causes seizures and congestion, severed for the treatment of epilepsy
.  He is a so-called split-brain
patient.  The experiment went like this.  I
sent a command to only cast on the patient's brain.
Yun received that order, and Jwa
knows nothing.  The patient
got up from their seat and started walking.  But
here, a chilling scene comes up.   The
researcher asked.
Why are you standing up and walking?
Hanja pauses for a moment and
answers like this.
Ah, I'm thirsty, so I'm on my way to get some cola
.   It
is a complete lie.   It was
n't because of thirst.  His
body moved because of Un's command, but since Jwane did
n't know the reason, he
made up a plausible reason on the spot.
Dr. Gazzaniga named this function of the left the
interpreter.  There is a
self-contained scriptwriter living in our brains that operates 24 hours a day
. This
writer has only one mission.
Attaching a reason to every action.  If
there is no reason, I will make one up and attach it.  And
we sincerely believe that made-up reason
.  You've all had experiences like this in real life, haven't you
?
I bought something impulsively, but later someone asked, "Why did you buy that?"   If
you ask.  Ah, they
give a very reasonable reason, saying, "I really needed this because of such and such lately."  Actually, the
reason is something the brain created after birth.   The
impulse came first, and the reason came later
.  So,
would you look back at this very moment?
Why am I working at this job?
Why am I with this person?  Why
did I make this choice?
Is the reason you came up with the real reason?  Or is this a script that the screenwriter inside your brain
attached to Tau
?
Everyone, this isn't a worrying story
.  Rather, it is liberation.
Because.  Once you
realize how easily you get trapped in the reasons you created yourself.   Because you will
also get a key to escape from that prison
.
Why can't we tickle ourselves
?
Everyone, please try an experiment
.  Now, try tickling your side with your finger
.  It doesn't
tickle, does it?  However, if someone else
touches the same spot, we can't help but
burst into laughter.
Why are the reactions different even with the same stimulus?  Stanberg explains
this with a brain prediction system called another discharge
.  So, our brain predicts the
result of every movement whenever the body moves
.  My hand is going to
touch your side right now.  So don't be surprised
. This predictive signal cancels out the senses
.  On the other hand, since the touch of others is
unpredictable, the brain responds to warnings,
external stimuli, and stimulation.
The reason this is important is that
if this system breaks down, something truly terrible will
happen.   This is precisely
why patients with supporting actor syndrome hear the voice inside their head as someone else's voice
.  Actually, that is your own
inner monologue.  We
talk to ourselves in our heads, too.  What should I eat today?   I should have
stood by and seen tomorrow.
However, in a normal brain, a different discharge
system recognizes, "This is a sound I made
."
However, if this system breaks down, your own
thoughts sound like someone else's voice.  Someone is
talking inside my head.
This small system that makes it impossible to even tickle properly
.  In fact, it was the foundation
of our identity that distinguishes me from what is not me
.  The
feeling that you take for granted, thinking "this is my opinion," is
not something to be taken for granted.
It is the result produced by the brain calculating non-stop.
I am already dead.  A
brain that believes in its own death.
Everyone, so far we
have seen the ways the brain tricks us.  They create false memories,
fabricate reasons, and
even make you mistake your own voice for someone else's
.  However, let me
show you one of the most extreme illusions created by the brain
.  In 1880, a
43-year-old female patient sat before French neurologist Jules Cotard
.  She spoke to Cotard very
calmly.
I have no brain.  There are no nerves, no
chest, and no internal organs.  I am already a
dead person.
She refused to eat.
Why would a dead person need food?
This is a
rare neuropsychiatric disorder called Cotard syndrome.
I have a nickname.  Walking Dead Syndrome.   In the
early 2000s, a 53-year-old Filipino-
American woman was brought to a psychiatric ward following a report from her family
.  She said that her
body smelled of decay and
begged her family to take her to the psychiatric ward.  You
said that we have to be with the dead.
However, this patient was
not lying.  It was
n't like I was acting, either.  My brain genuinely
believes that I am dead.  How is
this possible?
Modern neuroscience has uncovered a significant portion of the mechanism of this syndrome
.  In our brain,
there is a region called the fusiform gyrus that recognizes faces, and the amygdala that floats with the sensory familiarity of those faces.
In a normal brain, when looking at one's own face in the mirror, there is the
recognition that "this is me."  that's right.
The emotion that this is exactly what
works simultaneously.
However, when this connection is lost,
I can see the face, but I don't get the feeling that it is me
.  Even if you touch your own body.  I have
no sense of my body.   The
brain must explain this discrepancy.
The interpreter I mentioned earlier will be activated, right?  And the
most reasonable explanation the brain found is
this.  Ah, I'm dead.   It
may sound absurd, but it is
perfectly valid according to the logic of the brain.  I ca
n't feel like myself in my body.
So, I must be dead.
Everyone, the message this story conveys is
not simply fascinating neuroscience knowledge.  That
sense of being myself.   It's
not something abstract like soul or spirit.  It means that it is a work of art created every moment by the intricate connections between various parts of the brain
. When this work is perfect, we
can live naturally.
However, if even a single connection is severed, the very
foundation of my existence is shaken.
Then, the fact that the sense of self is
functioning fully at this very moment.  This in
itself is a miracle.  Everyone,
feel that you are standing on that miracle.
Moments when the unconscious is smarter than the conscious.
Everyone, so far we
have only seen the scary side of how the brain deceives us.  Now, I will
give you a Danjeon. This
ignorance is actually very unique.   There is a
really interesting study among the ones Stanberg introduces
.  When athletes
simulate a game in their heads
.  It means that tiny electrical signals are actually generated in the muscles
.  When a pianist
closes their eyes and imagines playing,
nearly the same brain regions
are activated as when actually performing.   The
brain cannot distinguish between imagination and reality
.
There is a case where this was utilized effectively.   A
significant number of Olympic gold medalists
do hundreds of mental rehearsals before a match.  You close your eyes and perfectly execute every movement from the starting line
to the finish line
in your mind
.   The
brain records that imagination as an actual experience
.  That is why the body remembers it in real-life situations
.
Ah, I've done this before.   Let me
tell you something else interesting.
There is something called a mirror neuron.
When you see someone else picking up a cup, you
immediately know within yourself the same way you would when picking up a cup.   When
I see a video of someone getting hurt  You know how we go "
Ugh" and flinch.  This is
n't an illusion; the brain is actually simulating that pain
.   The
emotion called empathy.  It
doesn't come from having a kind heart.  The brain is physically
suggesting the experiences of others within me
.   The
contagiousness of yawning works on the same
principle.  Are you feeling like yawning right now
?
Mirror Yurun reacts just by reading the word "yawn."
Ultimately, we are much more
connected to each other than we think.  To
put it simply, I would say it like this
.  You live inside my brain, and
I live inside your brain
.   yes
.  My ignorance
is not simply a scammer deceiving me.  If you understand and
utilize it properly, this
unconscious mind becomes your most powerful
weapon.   The
choice of awakening.
So, to summarize the story so far, it is as follows
.  First, a significant portion of our behavior is
driven by the unconscious.  Second,
our memories are frequently distorted.
Third, the brain attaches a retrospective script to every action
.  Fourth, even the sense of self is a
construct created by the brain.
Then what on earth am I supposed to believe?  You
might feel a bit empty.
However, Stanberg says that all these facts are
not despair, but rather the starting point of freedom
.
Because.  Because only the moment I realize I am being deceived can I stop
.  Karenber didn't know why his left hand was
moving.  The
participants in Loftus's experiment
did not know that their memories were fake.  The patient in Cotard China
didn't know he was alive.
But we know now.  I found out
all the tricks of the brain.
Knowing.  This means being awake.   Even if
we break away from unconscious self-driving and
increase the time we consciously make choices by just 1%.  Life changes.
Stopping my fingers that habitually open social media, I ask myself, "Why am I doing this right now
?"  Asking.  Taking a moment to reflect on whether
this is my consciousness or the brain's automatic
reaction at the moment when emotions are about to explode.
That single momentary conscious intervention is the
switch that wakes your brain from being a zombie.
Still, the fact that I live with this brain.   yes
.  Everyone, I
think it's time to wrap things up.  I came back a bit bruised today
.
Starting with the story of a woman whose hands are no longer her own,
passing through the brain's workshop that manipulates memories, and ending at the hospital room
of a patient who genuinely believes in their own death
.  You might be a little scared
.  To think that the self I have believed in was
relying on such an unstable interpretation by the brain
.
But everyone, shall we try thinking about it the other way around
?   A
being who, with that imperfect brain, recognizes the face of a loved one, listens to music and sheds tears, learns from yesterday's failures, and endures tonight for the sake of tomorrow.
This is you.
Not a perfect computer, but a being that causes errors at every moment,
yet finds meaning within those errors and
continues to live.
Neuroscientist Dr. Oliver left these words
.   It is
not the defects in the brain that make us inhuman; rather, it is the
effort to find balance on top of those defects that
makes us most human.   It is
okay if your memory isn't perfect.  It is okay if your judgment is sometimes
wrong.  Even if your brain sometimes
lies,
you are great enough for striving to find the truth within it
.
Stanberg says this at the end of the book
.   The reason
we appear non-constant is
not because our brains are malfunctioning.  This is because the brain
navigates the complex world with its own logic
.   yes
.  Everyone, our brains are
not perfect.  However, that very imperfect
brain is
writing the story of your life right now.
Now that you have watched this video, you will
no longer be dragged around defenselessly by your brain's autopilot.
Sometimes, stop and
ask yourself.   Am
I awake at this very moment?   You can
forget everything else.
Take just one thing from today's video.
Karen, whom I mentioned in the intro.  She reportedly
lived in confusion for a long time, but
eventually learned how to reconcile with her left hand through medication
.   It
doesn't mean I can control it perfectly.  My left hand still
moves on its own sometimes.  However, it is said that Curry
said this.   I
think I understand now. After all, this
hand is me, too.  It is a
part of me that I didn't know existed.
Everyone, even within you, there is a self that you have
not yet met.  That unknowable inner presence that sometimes does
silly things, sometimes
fabricates memories, and sometimes makes you cry for no reason
.  Do not consider that an obstacle
.  That is a system your brain has
built over hundreds of thousands of years to protect you
.
So, before you fall asleep tonight,
quietly close your eyes and send just one word to that stranger within you
.   You
worked hard today.   I look forward to working with you
tomorrow as well
.
thank you  This has been Hawaii
Desertec.  no see.